PR: Update Changelog, Announcements and metadata files for 6.0.4 (#23667)
spyder-ide/spyder: changelogs/Spyder-6.md

----

## Version 6.0.4 (2025/02/06)

### New features

* Add command line option to connect to an existing kernel at startup.
* Display a button to select a variable entire row when hovering it.

### Important fixes

* Fix error in debugger with Python 3.12.5+ (`_pdbcmd_print_frame_status' is not defined` message).
* Improve messages shown when a variable can't be viewed due to a missing module.

> * Add validations when doing theme color changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add validations when doing color theme changes.
```

* Fix error when executing in a dedicated console with an interpreter without a valid version of `spyder-kernels` installed.

> * Improve run configuration for executors usability and current executor selection handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix setting run configurations per file for multiple runners (e.g. the IPython console and Debugger).
```

> * Fix errors related with the update logic (checking updates and doing updates when using the installers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix errors related to the update logic of our standalone installers.
```
